Question 1
What is the term used to describe data sets that are so large and complex that they become difficult to process using traditional data processing applications?
Ans: Big data

Question 2
A client presents you with data sets for analysis.  These sets are well defined and include customers names, ages, and other identifying data.  What type of data is this? 
Ans: Structured Data

Question 3
The client presents you with another set of data.  This data is a compilation of all of the comments made on their social media page for the last six months.  What type of data is this? 
Ans: Unstructured Data

Question 4
The client gives you all the email communication they have received in the last six months that have included the words "complaint," "manager," or "dissatisfied."   What type of data is this?
Ans: Semi-Structured Data

Question 5
How can an organization help ensure that they are using social media data properly?
Ans: By having a strategy that ties the data back to other relevant data sets to validate findings 

Question 6
What are 3 major business implications of technology advancements?
Ans: (1) Customers are changing the way they choose products  and services
 (2) Competitors are faster and nimbler than ever before 
 (3) Supply chains are more complex and diverse

Question 7
What are the business benefits from advanced data and analytics? Select all that apply.
(SELECT ALL)
Ans: Increased revenues and profits as companies look at hyper-targeting customers 
  Decreased costs and enhanced productivity as more automation takes over from  human decision making
  Better customer experience as the omni-channel interactions provides the convenience for customers and the low cost for providers
  Reduced risk and better quality as standardization and automation become the norm.

Question 8
Which statement most accurately describes PwC’s perspective on big data?
Ans: Big data is about how insights from data can drive big decisions that solve real business issues and create innovation and opportunity.

Question 9 - R
Why is it important to use both primary and secondary data in building strategic decisions?
Ans: Primary data is data that you have collected and secondary data is data that you obtain from an another source / study.
